```javascript
    //
    // USED get('$.name-2') // Name, PATIENT NAME must be entered in the form 'LAST,FIRST MI TITLE'.  The last
    // name may contain a hyphen or an apostrophe and must be followed by a comma
    // and the first name.  The first name may contain a hyphen.  No other
    // punctuation characters are valid.  Middle initials and titles are optional.

    // get('$.correct_patient-2') // Correct Patient, This field is used to indicate, when a duplicate patient has been
    // identified, which patient should be considered the correct one.
    //     Thus, after identifying a patient as a duplicate, an entry should be made
    // into this field to indicate which patient should be considered the correct
    // (non-duplicate) one.
    // get('$.id_duplicate_by-2') // Id Duplicate By, This field will contain the name of the user who has identified a
    // patient as a duplicate. The system will capture this data.
    // get('$.id_duplicate_date_time-2') // Id Duplicate Date/Time, The date and time that the patient was identified as a duplicate
    // of another patient. The system will capture this data.
    // get('$.merged_by-2') // Merged By, The name of the user who has merged a particular patient. The system will
    // capture this data.
    // get('$.merge_date_time-2') // Merge Date/Time, The date/time that the referenced patient is merged by a user.
    // The system will capture this data.
    // get('$.pcn_flag-2') // Pcn Flag, This field is used to indicate that the duplicate patient was identified
    // from DEERS PCN message.
    // get('$.sex-2') // Sex, The patient's gender.
    // get('$.dob-2') // Dob, The date should be entered in complete form. It cannot be earlier than
    // 12/31/1870 or later than the current date. If only 2 characters are
    // entered for the year, the system  will assume it is the current century,
    //     unless this 2 character year is in the future, then it will default
    // to a past date.
    //
    //     If the DOB is not in the current century, enter all 4 digits for the year.
    //     If only 2 characters are entered at the DOB fields, the system will
    // use the first character as the month and the second as the day,
    //     and will default the year field to the current year.
    // get('$.employment_status-2') // Employment Status, The patient's current EMPLOYMENT STATUS.
    // get('$.marital_status-2') // Marital Status, Indicates whether the patient is single (never married), married, divorced,
    // or widowed.
    // get('$.race-2') // Race, The race of the patient.
    // get('$.occupation-2') // Occupation, The patient's civilian occupation.
    // get('$.religion-2') // Religion, The patient's religious preference.
    // get('$.ssn-2') // Ssn, Enter the sponsor's Social Security Number as either 9 digits or in the
    // form NNN-NN-NNNN. The SSN of the sponsor will be used for all of the
    //     sponsor's beneficiaries. For a sponsor not having a SSN, a pseudo number
    // will be generated by entering 'P'. The system will assign a pseudo number
    // based on the sponsor's Date of Birth. If the MTF is part of a networked
    // regional system, the system will assign a pseudo number based on the MTF's
    // unique 3 numeric identifier code.
    // get('$.remarks-2') // Remarks, Any additional patient information that may assist medical and/or
    // administrative personnel in providing the patient with the highest
    // quality of service and care.
    // get('$.pob_city-2') // Pob City, City in which the patient was born.
    // get('$.pob_state-2') // Pob State, The patient's STATE OF BIRTH.
    // get('$.pseudopatient-2') // Pseudo-Patient, This field is used to indicate that the entry in the patient file does not
    // constitute a patient, or that the patient should be considered to be a
    // duplicate.
    // get('$.who_entered_patient-2') // Who Entered Patient, This field contains the NAME of the person who originally entered the
    // patient into the patient file.
    // get('$.date_entered_into_file-2') // Date Entered Into File, This field contains the DATE and TIME of original entry of the patient
    // into the patient file.
    // get('$.registration_incomplete-2') // Registration Incomplete, This field is being used by the Patient Registration module to specify
    // if a registration is complete.
    //     Value 1 means reg. is not complete.
    //     Value 0 or null means reg. is complete.
    // get('$.ward_location-2') // Ward Location, This field contains the name of the WARD (2-30 characters) where the patient
    // is currently residing.  Data should never be input directly into this field.
    // get('$.roombed-2') // Room-Bed, This field contains the ROOM-BED (1-20 characters) combination where the
    // patient is currently residing.  Data should never be input directly into
    // this field.
    // get('$.clinical_service-2') // Clinical Service, This field contains the CURRENT TREATING SPECIALTY for an admitted patient.
    // Data should never be input directly into this field.
    // get('$.provider-2') // Provider, This field contains the name of the CURRENT INPATIENT PROVIDER for the
    // patient.  Data should never be directly entered into this field.
    // get('$.meprs_code-2') // Meprs Code, This field contains the MEDICAL EXPENSE PERFORMANCE to which the patient is
    // currently assigned.  Data should never be directly entered into this field.
    // get('$.on_absence-2') // On Absence, The field indicates whether the patient is currently ON ABSENCE.  '1'
    // indicates YES.  Data should never be directly entered into this field.
    // get('$.ron_status-2') // Ron Status, This field indicates whether the patient is currently assigned to RON
    // STATUS.  '1' indicates YES.  Data should never be directly entered into
    // this field.
    // get('$.absent_status-2') // Absent Status, This field contains the TYPE OF ABSENT STATUS assigned to the patient
    // presently absent from the hospital.  Data should never be directly entered
    // into this field.
    // get('$.on_medical_hold-2') // On Medical Hold, This field indicates whether a patient is currently on Medical Hold.
    // It is triggered by several other fields, but never edited directly.
    // get('$.visiting_hours-2') // Visiting Hours, This field is normally blank. It contains information only when the patient
    // has been assigned special VISITING HOURS, i.e., visiting hours that are
    // different from those indicated in the ward definition.
    // get('$.current_admission_entry_number-2') // Current Admission Entry #, This field contains the ADMISSION NUMBER of the current inpatient.
    // (First admission = 1, second admission = 2, etc.).  Data should never be
    // directly entered into this field.
    // get('$.internal_ward_location-2') // Internal Ward Location, This field contains the INTERNAL WARD (number in the file) where the
    // patient is currently located.  Data should never be directly entered into
    // this field.
    // get('$.deers_address_updated-2') // Deers Address Updated, Indicates whether or not the patient's DEERS address has been updated.
    // get('$.deers_discrepancy_code-2') // Deers Discrepancy Code, This field contains one of the return codes from the external DEER system.
    // get('$.deers_address_update_date-2') // Deers Address Update Date, Date that the patient's DEERS address was updated.
    // get('$.street_address-2') // Street Address, Address 1 should be entered in as house number then street name or post
    // office box #.
    // get('$.requested_ward-2') // Requested Ward, The WARD REQUESTED when an admission order is entered.  The user must never
    // enter information into this field manually.
    // get('$.street_address_2-2') // Street Address 2, Address 2 should contain Apt #, Route #, Suite #,etc, when applicable.
    // get('$.street_address_3-2') // Street Address 3, Third line of the patient's street address.
    // get('$.city-2') // City, The city in the patient's address.
    // get('$.state-2') // State, Enter a valid state code for the patient's state address, if outside the
    // USA, enter a / followed by a valid country code.
    // get('$.zip_code-2') // Zip Code, Enter the patient's ZIP CODE as NNNNN or NNNNN-NNNN.  For overseas, enter
    // the patient's APO or FPO.  For foreign nationals, enter the ZIP CODE as
    // 99999-9999.
    // get('$.county-2') // County, The patient's COUNTY address.
    // get('$.age_range_category-2') // Age Range Category, PATIENT'S AGE RANGE CATEGORY USED IN JOHN DOE REGISTRAION.
    // I - INFANT
    // C - CHILD
    // A - ADULT
    // S - SENIOR
    // get('$.address_update_date-2') // Address Update Date, This is the date that patient address info has been modified.
    // get('$.dod_id_number-2') // Dod Id #, DEERS Patient Identifier received in PIT message.
    // get('$.phone-2') // Phone, The home phone number should be entered as AREA CODE-PREFIX-LINE NUMBER.
    // get('$.office_phone-2') // Office Phone, The office phone number should be entered as AREA CODE-PREFIX-LINE NUMBER-
    // EXTENSION. This field would be entered as the sponsor's duty phone or
    // the patient's work phone.
    // get('$.cell_phone-2') // Cell Phone, Patient's cell phone number.
    // get('$.dsn-2') // Dsn, The DSN phone number should be entered in the format 'DSN PREFIX-LAST 4 NUMBERS OF CURRENT DUTY PHONE NUMBER' (ie, NNN-NNNN).
    // get('$.email_address-2') // Email Address, PATIENT'S EMAIL ADDRESS
    // get('$.fax_number-2') // Fax Number, PATIENT'S FAX NUMBER
    // get('$.patient_ssn-2') // Patient Ssn, Enter the patient's Social Security Number (SSN) as either 9 digits or in
    // the form NNN-NN-NNNN. For a patient not having a SSN, a pseudo number will
    // be generated by entering 'P'. The system will assign a pseudo number based
    // on the patient's Date of Birth. If the MTF is part of a networked regional
    // system, the system will assign a pseudo number based on the MTF's unique
    // 3 numeric identifier code.
    // get('$.next_of_kin-2') // Next Of Kin, Closest relative to the patient.
    // get('$.nokrelationship-2') // Nok-Relationship, Enter the relationship of the next of kin to the patient.
    // get('$.is_kaddress_same_as_patients-2') // Is K-Address Same As Patient'S, This field indicates whether the patient has the same address as the next
    // of kin.
    // get('$.nokstreet_address-2') // Nok-Street Address, Address 1 should be entered in as house number then street name or post
    // office box #.
    // get('$.nokstreet_address_2-2') // Nok-Street Address 2, Address 2 should be entered as Apt #, building #, route #, suite #, etc.
    // when applicable.
    // get('$.nokstreet_address_3-2') // Nok-Street Address 3, Line three of the street address for the patient's next of kin.
    // get('$.nokcity-2') // Nok-City, The city name of the patient's next of kin address.
    // get('$.nokstate-2') // Nok-State, Enter a valid state code for the next of kin's state address, if outside
    // the USA, enter a / followed by a valid country code.
    // get('$.nokzip-2') // Nok-Zip, Enter the ZIP CODE for the patient's NEXT OF KIN as NNNNN or NNNNN-NNNN.
    // For overseas, enter the NEXT OF KIN'S APO or FPO.  If the next of kin is a
    // foreign national residing in a foreign country, enter the ZIP CODE as
    // 99999-9999.
    // get('$.nokphone-2') // Nok-Phone, The next of kin phone number should be entered as AREA CODE-PREFIX-LINE
    // NUMBER-EXTENSION.
    // get('$.temporary_address_1-2') // Temporary Address 1, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY ADDRESS LINE 1.
    // get('$.temporary_phone-2') // Temporary Phone, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY PHONE NUMBER
    // get('$.temporary_email_address-2') // Temporary Email Address, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY EMAIL ADDRESS
    // get('$.temporary_city-2') // Temporary City, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY CITY
    // get('$.temporary_state-2') // Temporary State, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY STATE
    // get('$.temporary_zip_code-2') // Temporary Zip Code, Enter the patient's temporary ZIP CODE as NNNNN or NNNNN-NNNN.  For overseas,
    // enter the patient's APO or FPO.  For foreign nationals, enter the ZIP CODE as
    // 99999-9999
    // get('$.temporary_contact_eff_until-2') // Temporary Contact Eff Until, EFFECTIVE DATE OF PATIENT'S TEMPORARY ADDRESS
    // get('$.temporary_contact_reason-2') // Temporary Contact Reason, REASON FOR THE TEMPORARY ADDRESS
    // get('$.hipaa_compliance_status-2') // Hipaa Compliance Status, PATIENT'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES.
    // get('$.date_of_acknowledgement-2') // Date Of Acknowledgement, DATE OF PATIENT'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THE NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES.
    // get('$.advance_directive-2') // Advance Directive, THIS FIELD INDICATES IF THE PAIENT HAS AN ADVANCE DIRECTIVE ON FILE.
    // get('$.advance_directive_location-2') // Advance Directive Location, IF THE PATIENT HAS AN ADVANCE DIRECTIVE ON FILE, THIS FIELD RECORDS
    // THE LOCATION OF THE ADVANCE DIRECTIVE.
    // get('$.advance_directive_eff_date-2') // Advance Directive Eff Date, IF THE PATIENT HAS AN ADVANCE DIRECTIVE O FILE, THIS FIELD RECORDS
    // THE EFFECTIVE DATE.
    // get('$.advance_directive_other_loc-2') // Advance Directive Other Loc, IF THE PATIENT HAS AN ADVANCE DIRECTIVE ON FILE IN A LOCAL OTHER THAN
    // AN MTF FILE ROOM LOCATION, THIS FIELD IS USED.
    // get('$.branch_of_service_last-2') // Branch Of Service, Last, The Last branch of military service in which the sponsor was a member.
    // get('$.length_of_service-2') // Length Of Service, The length of time that the sponsors has served in the military. Maybe
    // entered as days up to 31, months up to 11, or years.
    // get('$.is_econtact_the_next_of_kin-2') // Is E-Contact The Next Of Kin, This field indicates whether the emergency contact for the patient is the
    // same as the patient's next of kin.
    // get('$.emergency_contact-2') // Emergency Contact, The name of a person to contact in the event of an emergency involving the
    // patient.
    // get('$.erelationship-2') // E-Relationship, Enter the relationship of the emergency contact to the patient.
    // get('$.estreet_address-2') // E-Street Address, Address 1 should be entered in as house number then street name or post
    // office box #.
    // get('$.estreet_address_2-2') // E-Street Address 2, Address 2 should contain Apt #, building #, route #, suite #, etc. when
    // applicable.
    // get('$.estreet_address_3-2') // E-Street Address 3, The third line of the street address of the patient's emergency contact.
    // get('$.ecity-2') // E-City, This field is used to track the city name of the patient's emergency contact.
    // get('$.estate-2') // E-State, Enter a valid state code for the emergency contact's state address, if
    // outside the USA, enter a / followed by a valid country code.
    // get('$.ezip-2') // E-Zip, Enter the ZIP CODE for the patient's EMERGENCY CONTACT as NNNNN or
    // NNNNN-NNNN.  If the EMERGENCY CONTACT resides outside of the U.S., enter the
    // APO or FPO.  If the EMERGENCY CONTACT is a foreign national, enter the ZIP
    // CODE as 99999-9999.
    // get('$.ephone-2') // E-Phone, The emergency contact phone number should be entered as AREA CODE-PREFIX-
    // LINE NUMBER-EXTENSION.
    // get('$.dstreet_address_1-2') // D-Street Address 1, First line of the designee's street address.
    // get('$.dcity-2') // D-City, The city of the designee's address.
    // get('$.dstate-2') // D-State, The state of the designee's address.
    // get('$.date_of_death-2') // Date Of Death, The date on which the patient died.
    // get('$.alias-2') // Alias, Other names by which the patient is/has been known.
    // get('$.temporary_address_2-2') // Temporary Address 2, PATIENT'S TEMPORARY ADDRESS LINE 2
    // get('$.contact_preference-2') // Contact Preference, Remind Patient of Appointment
    // get('$.preferred_contact_method-2') // Preferred Contact Method, Only one Method will be allowed
    // get('$.user_altering_patient_record-2') // User Altering Patient Record, Multiple tracking the last user to alter the patient's record.
    // get('$.archive_action_flag-2') // Archive Action Flag, This flag will be set by the TapeMan archive/purge program.  This flag
    // is set to a "1" when this patient's data is being processed.  It will
    // be reset to a "0" when this patient's archiving process completes.
    // When this field is reset to a "0" the archive date is set in the
    // admission multiple.
    // get('$.admission_date-2') // Admission Date, Multiple tracking information relating to the patient's admission
    // at a specific date/time.
    // get('$.military_base_address_1-2') // Military Base Address 1, Address 1 should be entered as building number then street name or post
    // office box #.
    // get('$.military_address_2-2') // Military Address 2, Address 2 should contain the route #, suite #, etc. when applicable.
    // get('$.military_address_3-2') // Military Address 3, Third line of the patient's duty station address.
    // get('$.military_base_city-2') // Military Base City, The city of the duty station address of an active duty patient.
    // get('$.military_base_state-2') // Military Base State, Enter a valid state code for the sponsor's duty address, if outside the
    // USA, enter a / followed by a valid country code.
    // get('$.military_zip_code-2') // Military Zip Code, Enter the patient's DUTY STATION ZIP CODE as NNNNN or NNNNN-NNNN.  For
    // overseas DUTY STATIONS, enter the APO or FPO.  If the patient is a foreign
    // national, enter the ZIP CODE as 99999-9999.
    // get('$.fmp_ssn-2') // Fmp/Ssn, The FAMILY MEMBER PREFIX followed by the SPONSOR'S SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER.
    // get('$.fmp-2') // Fmp, The FMP is used to signify the relationship between a patient and sponsor.
    // get('$.second_fmp_ssn-2') // Second Fmp/Ssn, The SSN of the DUPLICATE patient being merged to be used as the second
    // SSN of the correct patient.
    // get('$.registration_type-2') // Registration Type, The TYPE OF REGISTRATION for this patient.
    // get('$.unit_ship_id-2') // Unit Ship Id, The UNIT SHIP ID identifies the outfit to which the sponsor belongs.
    // Information, such as UNIT LOCATION, is based on this field.
    // get('$.sponsor_name-2') // Sponsor Name, Name fields must be entered in the format LAST,FIRST MI TITLE. Last name
    // must be followed by a comma and then the first name. The middle initial
    // and title are optional. The last name may contain a hyphen or apostrophe,
    //     first name a hyphen. No other punctuation characters are valid.
    // get('$.patient_category-2') // Patient Category, The Patient Category code is used to indicate the service affiliation
    // and the relationship of the patient to the service which authorized the
    // patient care. For example, looking at the code 'N11', the first digit
    // 'N' indicates Navy and the '11' indicates the patient is active duty.
    // get('$.health_care_provider-2') // Health Care Provider, Name of the patient's health care provider.
    // get('$.primary_physician-2') // Primary Physician, The PHYSICIAN in charge of the patient's case.
    // get('$.command_interest_category-2') // Command Interest Category, The COMMAND INTEREST groups listed for notifications regarding the patient.
    // get('$.active_duty-2') // Active Duty, This field indicates whether the patient is on active duty.
    // get('$.military_grade_rank-2') // Military Grade/Rank, The current rank or pay grade of the sponsor.
    // get('$.military_duty_station_unit-2') // Military Duty Station Unit, The unit ID code that identifies the sponsor's organization.
    // get('$.military_id_expiration_date-2') // Military Id Expiration Date, Enter the DATE the patient's MILITARY IDENTIFICATION CARD expires.
    // get('$.military_occupation_code-2') // Military Occupation Code, The sponsor's military occupation.
    // get('$.geo_loc_of_ship_unit-2') // Geo Loc Of Ship/Unit, Enter a valid state code for the sponsor's unit or ship location, if
    // outside the USA, enter a / followed by a valid country code.
    // get('$.military_theater_operations-2') // Military Theater Operations, The area (THEATER) where the patient was operating.  This field also
    // indicates the status of the operational area.
    // get('$.military_flying_status-2') // Military Flying Status, This field indicates whether or not the sponsor has a military flying status.
    // get('$.registration_verified-2') // Registration Verified, This field indicates whether the patient has verified the registration
    // data.
    // get('$.registration_verified_rep-2') // Registration Verified Rep, This field indicates whether a representative of the patient has verified
    // the data.
    // get('$.registration_comment-2') // Registration Comment, This field contains COMMENTS pertaining to the patient's REGISTRATION.
    // get('$.military_id_card_number-2') // Military Id Card Number, The patient's military identification card number.
    // get('$.test_requestor-2') // Test Requestor, Name of the HCP requesting the test.
    // get('$.return_location-2') // Return Location, Hospital location to which results are to be returned.
    // get('$.specimen_comment-2') // Specimen Comment, This field is populated when the user enters a SPECIMEN ID when in the
    // Non-human Specimen registration option within LAB. The SPECIMEN ID
    // becomes the SPECIMEN COMMENT within the PATIENT File. The SPECIMEN ID
    // field within LAB is a free-text field and the user may enter a comment
    // to identify the specimen.
    // get('$.patient_covered_by_insurance-2') // Patient Covered By Insurance, This field indicates whether the patient is covered by insurance.
    // get('$.registration_verified_by_pad-2') // Registration Verified By Pad, This field indicates whether PATIENT ADMINISTRATION has verified the
    // patient's registration.
    // get('$.verified_by_pad_date_time-2') // Verified By Pad Date/Time, Enter the DATE/TIME the registration was verified by PATIENT ADMINISTRATION.
    // get('$.verified_by_pad_person-2') // Verified By Pad Person, Enter the NAME of the PATIENT ADMINISTRATION PERSONNEL responsible for
    // verifying the registration data.
    // get('$.registration_verified_date-2') // Registration Verified Date, Indicate the DATE/TIME the registration was verified.
    // get('$.hipaa_dental_consent-2') // Hipaa Dental Consent, Indicates that patient has signed or not signed the HIPAA Dental consent form
    // get('$.date_of_hipaa_dental_consent-2') // Date Of Hipaa Dental Consent, Date the HIPAA DENTAL CONSENT was signed.
    // get('$.registration_location-2') // Registration Location, Location where applicant is being registered.
    // get('$.registration_verified_by-2') // Registration Verified By, Name of user verifying registration.
    // get('$.reserved_ward-2') // Reserved Ward, Reserved for WAITLIST patient.  See also RESERVED ROOM-BED.
    // get('$.room-2') // Room, Used in conjunction with 8060.01 and 8060.03
    // get('$.reserved_bed-2') // Reserved Bed, The number of the bed being reserved for the patient.
    // get('$.current_register_number-2') // Current Register #, Register number assigned to the patient's current inpatient episode.
    // get('$.command_security-2') // Command Security, Enter the sponsor's level of security within the command.
    // get('$.medical_record_type-2') // Medical Record Type, Type of medical record (ie., inpatient or outpatient).
    // get('$.outpatient_record_location-2') // Outpatient Record Location, The location of where the patients outpatient record is stored.
    // get('$.offsite_record_location-2') // Offsite Record Location, When a record is not stored in a location defined in the HOSPITAL
    // LOCATION file, this field should describe, in detail, the location
    // where it is stored.  This will aid in the delivery of the
    // paperwork that needs to be included in the record folder.
    // get('$.insured_party-2') // Insured Party, The name of the patient providing the policy medical coverage.
    // get('$.insurance_company-2') // Insurance Company, The name of the insurance company providing the medical policy coverage.
    // get('$.policy_number-2') // Policy Number, Insurance policy number.
    // get('$.effective_date-2') // Effective Date, Date policy went into effect.
    // get('$.renewal_date-2') // Renewal Date, Date policy expires and must be renewed to remain effective.
    // get('$.individual_group_policy-2') // Individual/Group Policy, Identifies policy type as individual or group.
    // get('$.medicare_champus_supplement-2') // Medicare/Champus Supplement, Indicates if patient does/does not have Medicare or CHAMPUS supplemental
    // insurance.
    // get('$.group_number-2') // Group Number, The number assigned to the group covered by the referenced medical policy.
    // get('$.group_name-2') // Group Name, The name of the group covered by the referenced medical policy.
    // get('$.insured_relationship-2') // Insured Relationship, Relationship of the insured to the patient.
    // get('$.ethnic_background-2') // Ethnic Background, Patient's ethnic background/origin.
    // get('$.lab_duty_code-2') // Lab Duty Code, This field contains the LAB DUTY CODE used in the HIV Batch Results
    // Report.  If the report sorts by LAB DUTY CODE then the patient
    // category entries used by the site must have a LAB DUTY CODE defined.
    // get('$.alias_fmp_ssn-2') // Alias Fmp/Ssn, A list of additional FMP/SSNs that have been used by the patient.
    // get('$.champus-2') // Champus, This field indicates the patient's eligibility for CHAMPUS coverage.
    // It is updated with data received from an eligibility check in the
    // DEERS database.
    // get('$.deers_sponsor_status-2') // Deers Sponsor Status, A code indicating the status of the patient's sponsor on the external DEERS
    // DEERS database.
    // get('$.acv_start_date-2') // Acv Start Date, The start date of the patient's Alternate Care Value (ACV).
    // get('$.acv_end_date-2') // Acv End Date, The end date of the patient's Alternate Care Value (ACV).
    // get('$.fsn-2') // Fsn, This field is used to track the patient's Family Sequence Number (FSN).
    // get('$.deers_uic-2') // Deers Uic, UIC code as received from the DEERS transaction.  This field is supported
    // by routines involved in DEERS responses. It is populated by the
    // system and should not be modified by users.
    // get('$.enrollment_block_reason-2') // Enrollment Block Reason, The enrollment block reason indicates reasons why active duty patients
    // were not enrolled via Batch Active Duty Enrollment.
    //     This field is supported by routines and should not be edited by users.
    // get('$.member_relationship_code-2') // Member Relationship Code, Populated upon receipt of a PIT message from DEERS NED.  This code represents
    // the relationship between the patient and the sponsor.
    // get('$.patient_added_to_deers-2') // Patient Added To Deers, Patient was added to DEERS.
    // get('$.organ_donor-2') // Organ Donor, This field identifies whether or not the patient is an ORGAN DONOR.
    // get('$.organ_donor_date-2') // Organ Donor Date, This field contains the DATE that the patient ORGAN DONOR field was modified.
    // get('$.panograph_date-2') // Panograph Date, This field tracks the date the patient's dental panograph was last
    // taken. It is updated with data received from an eligibility check
    // in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.rddb_date-2') // Rddb Date, This field tracks the date of the patient's latest entry in the
    // Reportable Disease Database (RDDB). It is updated with data
    //     received from an eligibility check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.dna_flag-2') // Dna Flag, This field indicates whether the patient has DNA data on file and
    // is updated with data received from an eligibility check in the
    // DEERS database.
    // get('$.champus_dental_code-2') // Champus Dental Code, This field, which is a pointer to the MCP CHAMPUS DENTAL CODE File
    // (file #8563.5), tracks the code denoting the patient's enrollment in
    // a CHAMPUS dental insurance plan. It is updated with data received
    // from an eligibility check in the DEERS database and is always set at
    // the family level.
    // get('$.dental_start_elig_date-2') // Dental Start Elig Date, This field tracks the date that the CHAMPUS dental insurance plan
    // starts for the patient. It is updated with data received from an
    // eligibility check in the DEERS database and is always set at the
    // family level.
    // get('$.dental_end_elig_date-2') // Dental End Elig Date, This field tracks the date that the CHAMPUS dental insurance plan
    // ends for the patient. It is updated with data received from an
    // eligibility check in the DEERS database and is always set at the
    // family level.
    // get('$.nas_flag-2') // Nas Flag, This field indicates whether the patient has ever had a Non-Availability
    // Statement (NAS) issued for care. It is updated with data received from
    // an eligibility check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.brac_pharmacy_code-2') // Brac/Pharmacy Code, This field indicates the patient's eligibility for Base Realignment
    // and Closure (BRAC) pharmacy benefits. It is updated with data
    //     received from an eligibility check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.pcm_phone_number-2') // Pcm Phone Number, This field tracks the phone number to call for the patient's care
    // authorization information. It is is updated with data received
    // from an eligibility check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$._1172_date-2') // 1172 Date, This field tracks the date the patient was added to the DEERS database.
    // It is updated with data received from an eligibility check in the DEERS
    // database.
    // get('$.date_last_updated-2') // Date Last Updated, This field tracks the date of the most recent change to the patient's
    // demographic data. It is updated with data received from an eligibility
    // check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.blood_type-2') // Blood Type, This field tracks the patient's blood type and RH factor. It is updated
    // with data received from a laboratory test result.
    // get('$.pcm_location_code-2') // Pcm Location Code, This field tracks the CHAMPUS location code of the patient's Primary
    // Care Manager. It is updated with data received from an eligibility
    // check in the DEERS database.
    // get('$.region_code-2') // Region Code, This field indicates the DOD region associated with the patient's
    // DMIS ID as recorded in the DEERS database. It is populated by a
    // DEERS eligibility check transaction.
    //
    //     NOTE: The DOD region is an attribute of DMIS ID. However, because
    // of differences in the scheduling of data updates, the DOD
    // region reported for a given DMIS ID may be different within
    // the DMIS ID CODES File (file #8103) in CHCS than within the
    // DEERS database.
    // get('$.unmatched_deers_uic-2') // Unmatched Deers Uic, This field contains the free text value received from DEERS.
    // get('$.blood_type_source-2') // Blood Type Source, This field tracks the patient's blood type source.  The possible value
    // is DBSS or CHCS which indicates where the blood type result comes from.
    // get('$.medical_hold_start_date-2') // Medical Hold Start Date, This subfile tracks various date/times when the patient was placed on
    // Medical Hold as an outpatient.
    // get('$.patient_validation_flag-2') // Patient Validation Flag, A set of codes that indicates the status of the patient record in
    // relation to Deers.
    //     The codes are "1" - patient name, DOB, gender and sponsor ssn match
    // exactly with Deers "S" - patient DOB and sponsor ssn match with Deers but
    // not last name or gender "K" - Deers has returned a family-type response
    // to inquiry "N" - no inquiry sent to Deers "X" - no response received from
    // Deers or not found on Deers "M" - multiple sponsors exist
    // get('$.date_validation_flag_updated-2') // Date Validation Flag Updated, The date/time the patient validation flag was last updated
    // get('$.date_patient_mailer_created-2') // Date Patient Mailer Created, The date a patient mailer was created (but not yet mailed) .
    // A mailer is created whenever patient name or gender is updated from Deers.
    // get('$.current_medical_hold_entry-2') // Current Medical Hold Entry, This field tracks the Internal Entry Number (IEN) of the current (latest)
    // MEDICAL HOLD START DATE record. It is used to speed up editing and to
    // facilitate a check by the system as to whether a patient can be placed or
    // released on outpatient Medical Hold status. The field is populated by
    // system software so data for it should never be entered directly by the
    // user.
    // get('$.ned_patient_last_name-2') // Ned Patient Last Name, This field contains the patient's last name received in the PIT message.
    // get('$.ned_patient_first_name-2') // Ned Patient First Name, This field contains the patient's first name received in the PIT message.
    // get('$.ned_patient_middle_name-2') // Ned Patient Middle Name, This field contains the patient's middle name received in the PIT message.
    // get('$.ned_patient_cadency-2') // Ned Patient Cadency, This field contains the patient's cadency value received in the PIT
    // message.
    // get('$.lab_referral_location-2') // Lab Referral Location, This field contains the name of the outside facility that sent specimens from
    // this patient to this facility for Laboratory testing.
    // get('$.deers_update_authorized_code-2') // Deers Update Authorized Code, This code is returned from DEERS Person Inquiry, if the code set
    // to 'No', then the patient NAME, SEX, DOB and SSN are uneditable
    // via CHCS.
    // get('$.va_status-2') // Va Status, This set of code is returned from DEERS Person Inquiry response.
    // get('$.family_membership_code-2') // Family Membership Code, This set of code is returned from DEERS Person Inquiry response.
    // get('$.medical_benefit_indicator-2') // Medical Benefit Indicator, This set of code is returned from DEERS Person Inquiry response.
    // get('$.primary_clinic-2') // Primary Clinic, The CLINIC this patient is most often seen in.
    // get('$.deers_eligibility_start_date-2') // Deers Eligibility Start Date, Enter the DATE the patient becomes eligible for DEERS.
    // get('$.deers_eligibility_end_date-2') // Deers Eligibility End Date, Enter the DATE the patient is no longer eligible for DEERS.
    // get('$.deers_eligibility-2') // Deers Eligibility, This field indicates the DEERS ELIGIBILITY of the patient.
    // get('$.deers_eligibility_date-2') // Deers Eligibility Date, Indicate the most recent DATE/TIME the patient's DEERS ELIGIBILITY was
    // checked.
    // get('$.direct_care-2') // Direct Care, This field indicates the patient's eligibility for direct care based
    // on a check against the DEERS database. It is populated by a DEERS
    // eligibility check transaction.
    // get('$.deers_eligiblity_end_reason-2') // Deers Eligiblity End Reason, The REASON the patient's DEERS ELIGIBILITY has ended.
    // get('$.last_appt-2') // Last Appt, The date/time of the patient's last appointment.
    // get('$.language-2') // Language, LANGUAGE is a pointer to the LANGUAGE IDENTITY File which contains
    // DOD-standard languages. The LANGUAGE IDENTITY File was incorporated
    // into CHCS in June, 1992 at the request of Bill Didier. The file was
    // created to allow MCP functionality to search for providers who speak
    // or communicate in a particular language. Any languages in the file
    // that have previously been identified as "dead" are marked as inactive.
    // get('$.military_id_date_issued-2') // Military Id Date Issued, The date that the military ID was issued. Time can be entered.
    // get('$.military_id_effective_date-2') // Military Id Effective Date, The date that the patient's military ID is effective.
    // get('$.acv-2') // Acv, The patient's Alternate Care Value (ACV).
    // get('$.dmis_id-2') // Dmis Id, The patient's Defense Medical Information System (DMIS) identification
    // number. A pointer to the DMIS ID CODES File.
    // get('$.dds-2') // Dds, The patient's DEERS DEPENDENCY SUFFIX (DDS) which corresponds roughly
    // to their CHCS FMP.
    // get('$.deers_override_code-2') // Deers Override Code, This field is used to enter the override code for establishing a
    // patient's DEERS eligiblity. This code is used to allow a user to
    // enter the patient into CHCS when the patient is not currently in the
    // DEERS file.
    // get('$.medicare-2') // Medicare, This field is used to specify the patient's eligibility for DEERS
    // Medicare.
    // get('$.person_id-2') // Person Id, The Identification cards distributed by DEERS have both the Person
    // Identifier and the Person Identifier Type Code on them.  The values
    // are:
    //
    //     D - Temporary Identification Number (TIN) which is used for example,
    //     with newborns who do not yet have a valid SSN.
    //     F - Foreign Identification Number (FIN)
    // S - Social Security Number (SSN)
    //
    // On the identification card, SSNs do not have a designation; the other
    // Person Identifiers have a Person Identifier Type Code.
    // get('$.person_id_type_code-2') // Person Id Type Code, The Identification cards distributed by DEERS have both the Person
    // Identifier and the Person Identifier Type Code on them.  The values
    // are:
    //
    //     D - Temporary Identification Number (TIN) which is used for example,
    //                                                                     newborns who do not yet have a valid SSN
    // F - Foreign Identification Number (FIN)
    // S - Social Security Number (SSN)
    //
    // On the identification card, SSNs do not have a designation; the other
    // Person Identifiers have a Person Identifier Type Code.
    // get('$.deers_entitlement_sets-2') // Deers Entitlement Sets, DEERS entitlement set is that data which supports determining a
    // patient's eligibility to health care including specialized care.
    // get('$.deers_benefits_id-2') // Deers Benefits Id, This field contains 9 digits of DEERS FAMILY ID and 2 digits of
    // DEERS BENEFICIARY ID.
    //
```

Using http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2298870/mongodb-get-names-of-all-keys-in-collection here are the keys that actually appear
for example in collect `2` Patients-2:

```javascript
mr = db.runCommand({
  "mapreduce" : "2",
  "map" : function() {
    for (var key in this) { emit(key, null); }
  },
  "reduce" : function(key, stuff) { return null; }, 
  "out": "2" + "_keys"
})

db[mr.result].distinct("_id") // not quite sure how this works
```


```
[
    "_id", 
    "active_duty-2", 
    "acv-2", 
    "acv_end_date-2", 
    "acv_start_date-2", 
    "address_update_date-2", 
    "admission_date-2", 
    "alias_fmp_ssn-2", 
    "blood_type-2", 
    "blood_type_source-2", 
    "brac_pharmacy_code-2", 
    "branch_of_service_last-2", 
    "cell_phone-2", 
    "champus-2", 
    "champus_dental_code-2", 
    "city-2", 
    "command_interest_category-2", 
    "command_security-2", 
    "correct_patient-2", 
    "current_admission_entry_-2", 
    "current_medical_hold_entry-2", 
    "current_register_-2", 
    "date_entered_into_file-2", 
    "date_last_updated-2", 
    "date_of_death-2", 
    "date_patient_mailer_created-2", 
    "date_validation_flag_updated-2", 
    "dcity-2", 
    "dds-2", 
    "deers_address_update_date-2", 
    "deers_address_updated-2", 
    "deers_discrepancy_code-2", 
    "deers_eligibility-2", 
    "deers_eligibility_date-2", 
    "deers_eligibility_end_date-2", 
    "deers_eligibility_start_date-2", 
    "deers_eligiblity_end_reason-2", 
    "deers_override_code-2", 
    "deers_sponsor_status-2", 
    "deers_uic-2", 
    "dental_end_elig_date-2", 
    "dental_start_elig_date-2", 
    "direct_care-2", 
    "dmis_id-2", 
    "dna_flag-2", 
    "dob-2", 
    "dod_id_-2", 
    "dsn-2", 
    "dstate-2", 
    "dstreet_address_1-2", 
    "ecity-2", 
    "emergency_contact-2", 
    "enrollment_block_reason-2", 
    "ephone-2", 
    "erelationship-2", 
    "estate-2", 
    "estreet_address-2", 
    "ethnic_background-2", 
    "ezip-2", 
    "fmp-2", 
    "fmp_ssn-2", 
    "fsn-2", 
    "geo_loc_of_ship_unit-2", 
    "id_duplicate_by-2", 
    "id_duplicate_date_time-2", 
    "internal_ward_location-2", 
    "is_econtact_the_next_of_kin-2", 
    "is_kaddress_same_as_patients-2", 
    "lab_referral_location-2", 
    "label", 
    "language-2", 
    "last_appt-2", 
    "length_of_service-2", 
    "marital_status-2", 
    "medical_hold_start_date-2", 
    "medical_record_type-2", 
    "medicare-2", 
    "member_relationship_code-2", 
    "meprs_code-2", 
    "merge_date_time-2", 
    "merged_by-2", 
    "military_address_2-2", 
    "military_base_address_1-2", 
    "military_base_city-2", 
    "military_base_state-2", 
    "military_duty_station_unit-2", 
    "military_flying_status-2", 
    "military_grade_rank-2", 
    "military_id_card_number-2", 
    "military_id_date_issued-2", 
    "military_id_effective_date-2", 
    "military_id_expiration_date-2", 
    "military_occupation_code-2", 
    "military_zip_code-2", 
    "name-2", 
    "nas_flag-2", 
    "ned_patient_cadency-2", 
    "ned_patient_first_name-2", 
    "ned_patient_last_name-2", 
    "ned_patient_middle_name-2", 
    "next_of_kin-2", 
    "nokcity-2", 
    "nokphone-2", 
    "nokrelationship-2", 
    "nokstate-2", 
    "nokstreet_address-2", 
    "nokzip-2", 
    "occupation-2", 
    "office_phone-2", 
    "offsite_record_location-2", 
    "on_medical_hold-2", 
    "organ_donor-2", 
    "organ_donor_date-2", 
    "outpatient_record_location-2", 
    "panograph_date-2", 
    "patient_category-2", 
    "patient_covered_by_insurance-2", 
    "patient_ssn-2", 
    "patient_validation_flag-2", 
    "pcm_location_code-2", 
    "pcm_phone_number-2", 
    "pcn_flag-2", 
    "phone-2", 
    "primary_physician-2", 
    "provider-2", 
    "pseudopatient-2", 
    "race-2", 
    "rddb_date-2", 
    "region_code-2", 
    "registration_comment-2", 
    "registration_incomplete-2", 
    "registration_type-2", 
    "registration_verified_by-2", 
    "registration_verified_by_pad-2", 
    "religion-2", 
    "remarks-2", 
    "requested_ward-2", 
    "ron_status-2", 
    "roombed-2", 
    "sex-2", 
    "specimen_comment-2", 
    "sponsor_name-2", 
    "ssn-2", 
    "state-2", 
    "street_address-2", 
    "type", 
    "unit_ship_id-2", 
    "unmatched_deers_uic-2", 
    "user_altering_patient_record-2", 
    "verified_by_pad_date_time-2", 
    "ward_location-2", 
    "who_entered_patient-2", 
    "zip_code-2"
]
```


For prescriptions, medications:

```javascript
// get('$.rx_number-52') // Rx #, This is a unique number that the system assigns to new
// prescriptions.  The number is based on the prescription number
// prefix and number range defined for the drug class to which the
// prescription belongs.  The prescription number range is defined in
// the Prescription Number Maintenance option.  When you create a new
//     order, the system selects the next available number within the
// appropriate prescription number range. In addition, the user can
// assign a prescription number to a prescription via Manual RX Entry
// option.
// get('$.patient-52') // Patient, This field contains the patient name associated with the
//     prescription.  Enter the name of the patient:  LAST,FIRST MIDDLE
// or in one of the other formats which you can see by entering two
// question marks at the SELECT PATIENT NAME prompt.
// get('$.provider-52') // Provider, This field represents the patient's provider who entered or
//     prescribed a prescription for a patient.
// get('$.drug-52') // Drug, This field represents a drug associated with the prescription.
//     Either the generic or brand name may be used.  The name includes
// the drug name, route of administration, strength, and form; e.g.,
//     CIMETIDINE--PO 300MG TAB.
// get('$.qty-52') // Qty, This field contains the number of units of the drug that the
//     patient should receive in one prescription fill; e.g., 30 tablets,
//     1 tube.  The quantity appears on the prescription label and
// patient profile.
// get('$.days_supply-52') // Days Supply, This is the number of days this medication will last assuming patient
//     compliance.  It is calculated by dividing the QTY by the daily dosage.
//     For Example:   SIG  T1 TAB TID        QTY 90
// The daily dosage = 3
// 90/3 = 30 days supply
//
// For PRN drugs, calculate by the maximum amount the patient could
// take in one day.
//     For Example:   SIG  TAKE 1-2 TABLETS QID PRN PAIN     QTY  24
// The maximum daily dosage = 8
// 24/8 = 3 days supply
// get('$.refills-52') // Refills, Enter a number of refills allowed for this prescription.  The limit is 12.
// get('$.logged_by-52') // Logged By, This is the name of the user who entered the prescription.
// get('$.login_date-52') // Login Date, This is the date that the prescription was entered.
// get('$.mtf_division-52') // Mtf Division, This is the division where the prescription was written.
// get('$.status-52') // Status, This field contains the status of the prescription.  The status' are:
// 0 - Active
// 1 - Fill
// 2 - Refill
// 3 - Hold
// 4 - Warning
// 5 - Partial
// 10 - Forwarded
// 11 - Expired
// 12 - Canceled
// 13 - Discontinued
// 14 - Renewed
// 15- Transfer
// get('$.refills_remaining-52') // Refills Remaining, This is the number of refills to which the patient is entitled,
// based on the total number of refills minus the number of refills
// which the patient has already picked up.
// get('$.child_resistant_cont-52') // Child Resistant Cont, This field shows whether or not you want a child-proof
//     prescription container.  It sets to '1' for YES or '0' for NO.
// get('$.last_fill_date-52') // Last Fill Date, This is the last date/time on which the medication was dispensed
//                                                                    on this prescription.  The last fill date can be the date/time
// that the original prescription, or a refill, was dispensed.  This
// is also the date/time that a label was printed.
// get('$.fill_expiration-52') // Fill Expiration, This is the date and time after which patients can no longer pick
//     up a prescription.
// get('$.order_date_time-52') // Order Date/Time, This is the date and time that a user begins entering and filing
//     the prescription into the system (NOW).
// get('$.order_entry_number-52') // Order Entry Number, This is the number generated in ORE, when the RX was written.
// get('$.order_pointer-52') // Order Pointer, This is the order internal entry number that points to the order
// file (101).
// get('$.date_time_received_from_oe-52') // Date/Time Received From Oe, This is the date and time that the Pharmacy software receives the
//     order from Clinical users entering the order via Order Entry.  It
// is based on the order's activation.  For example, the Pharmacy
// system will not receive a future order until the order is
// activated (and moves from the Order file to the Pharmacy Patient
// file).
// get('$.pharmacy_originated-52') // Pharmacy Originated, This indicates whether a Pharmacy user enters an order via RX
// option or a Clinical user enters an order via Order Entry Option.
// get('$.outpatient_site-52') // Outpatient Site, This field represents an outpatient pharmacy for which the
//     prescription is entered.
// get('$.expiration_date-52') // Expiration Date, This is the date and time on which the prescription is due to
//     expire.  It is based on the start date/time of the order and the
// days supply.  The user can modify this to make it a different date
// and time.
// get('$.meprs_code-52') // Meprs Code, This is the Medical Expense Performance Reporting System (MEPRS)
//     code associated with the patient's HCP who is prescribing the
// order.  It is based on the provider's service.
// get('$.edited-52') // Edited, This indicates a user has edited a prescription via the Edit a
// Prescription (EAP) option.
// get('$.oerxbatch-52') // Oe-Rx-Batch, This field is sent from order entry.  It is set in PSOSOR when
//     ORFIEN is defined.  It is the IEN of the first order that came across
// in a batch after a HCP user Quits and Activates.
// get('$.notification_type-52') // Notification Type, An entry in this field indicates that this prescription qualified for
//     a notification label to be printed.
// get('$.parent_prescription-52') // Parent Prescription, An entry in this field indicates that this prescription was the result of
//     some action taken on a "previous" or "parent" prescription (such as a
// modify).  The entry in this field in the IEN of the previous Rx.
// get('$.last_label_print_date-52') // Last Label Print Date, This field indicates the last date any Rx label, for dispensing, was
// printed.  (Reprints do not update this field)
// get('$.last_dispensing_pharmacy-52') // Last Dispensing Pharmacy, This field is populated with the pharmacy which last dispensed this
// prescription.
// get('$.patient_batch_name-52') // Patient Batch Name, This identifies the Patient Batch this prescription is associated with.
// get('$.comments-52') // Comments, This is a free-text comment that you enter during Prescription
//     Entry.  It appears on the label and on the prescription profile
// which you can view via Prescription Inquiry (PRI).
// get('$.activity_log_comments-52') // Activity Log Comments, This field contains comments of a user who takes actions (e.g.,
//     modified, cancelled, edited, etc...) on a prescription.  Enter a
// comment explaining why you are editing or modifying the
// prescription.  The comment becomes part of the Activity Log of
// that prescription.
// get('$.baker_cell-52') // Baker Cell, This field is used to store the baker and cell information on a specific
//     drug.  It is used in the re printing of lables. the procedure is psolb.
// get('$.baker_drug_edit-52') // Baker Drug Edit, This field is set in the EAP (edit a prescription) functionality in
//     the routine ^PSOEDIT if drug unchanged.  It is then checked in another
// functionality, BPL (batch print labels), and if present, prescription
//     not sent to Baker Cell.
// get('$.baker_quantity_edit-52') // Baker Quantity Edit, This field is set in the EAP (edit a prescription) functionality in the
//     routine ^PSOEDIT if the quantity is unchanged.  It is then checked in
// another functionality, BPL (batch print labels), and if present, the
//     prescription will not be sent to the Baker Cell.
// get('$.refill_control-52') // Refill Control, This value is used to calculate the Refills Remaining value in 0;12.
// get('$.pdts_prescription_number-52') // Pdts Prescription Number, This is the prescription number used by the PDTS. It is a number between 0
//     and 1 Trillion.
// get('$.pdts_metric_quantity-52') // Pdts Metric Quantity, Numeric value computed based on prescription quantity and package size.
//     This field stores this computed value in the event it is needed to send
// reversal information on this prescription back to the PDTS.
// get('$.sig-52') // Sig, This is a standard quick code of medication instructions, such as the amount
//     and frequency of a prescription, unit dose, or IV  order.  For example,
//     T1 TAB QID PRN means TAKE 1 TABLET FOUR TIMES A DAY AS NEEDED.  Enter it in
// the SIG field when ordering a prescription.  It appears on the prescription
// label in expanded form.
//
//     It is recommended to place spaces between the components of the SIG, for
//     example, T 1 TAB QID PRN. Components include the amount (such as 1), unit of
// measure (such as TAB, MG or ML), and timing (such as QID).  You can enter
// standard units of measurement, such as CAP, CC, GM, GTTS, MCG, MG, ML, OZ,
//     TAB, TSP, and TBSP.  MG and ML may be used with pediatric doses.  When you
// enter a unit of measure (such as ML) it must be compatible with the content
// unit as contained in the system.  The content unit displays with the drug name
// at the top of the Rx enter/edit screen.
// get('$.label_width-52') // Label Width, This defines the width of the prescription labels.
// get('$.expanded_sig-52') // Expanded Sig, This is a translation of a SIG into words.  For example, TAKE
// 650MG FOUR TIMES A DAY AS NEEDED is the expanded SIG of 650MG QID
// PRN.  The expanded SIG appears on the prescription labels.
// get('$.sig_overflow-52') // Sig Overflow, This field indicates the portion of the SIG code that prints on a second label
//     because it does not fit on the first label.
// get('$.fill_dates-52') // Fill Dates, This is the NAME field of the FILL DATES multiple.
// get('$.activity_log-52') // Activity Log, This is an audit trail of each prescription.  It includes
//     information on the activity date/time, fill number, type of
// action, site where the action occurred, user initials, and user
// remarks explaining the action.  Users may view it via the options
// Prescription Inquiry (on the Prescriptions Menu).
// get('$.archive_edited-52') // Archive Edited, This word processing field will be populated at time of archive with
// any edit history from the audit trail.  Routine PSORXAD will call EDIT^PSOARC tomake an entry into this field.  The display will be similar to a RX profile with
//     editing activity.
// get('$.error-52') // Error, This multiple will store information that may have kept data from being
//         stored in PSRX, or the data was stored, but there were potential locking
// problems.  The data will be stored at ^PSRX(D0,"ERR",D1,0).
//     D0 is the prescription ien.
//     D1 is the error ien.
//     The information consists of an error code (piece 1), and a free text
// string describing the error code (piece 2) for each multiple entry.
// get('$.archived_flag-52') // Archived Flag, The archive flag will be set to 1 when the RX is archived.  Otherwise,
//     it wont exist.


// get('$._id')
// get('$.activity_log-52')
// get('$.activity_log_comments-52')
// get('$.baker_cell-52')
// get('$.baker_drug_edit-52')
// get('$.baker_quantity_edit-52')
// get('$.child_resistant_cont-52')
// get('$.comments-52')
// get('$.date_time_received_from_oe-52')
// get('$.days_supply-52')
// get('$.drug-52')
// get('$.edited-52')
// get('$.error-52')
// get('$.expanded_sig-52')
// get('$.expiration_date-52')
// get('$.fill_dates-52')
// get('$.fill_expiration-52')
// get('$.label')
// get('$.label_width-52')
// get('$.last_dispensing_pharmacy-52')
// get('$.last_fill_date-52')
// get('$.last_label_print_date-52')
// get('$.logged_by-52')
// get('$.login_date-52')
// get('$.meprs_code-52')
// get('$.mtf_division-52')
// get('$.notification_type-52')
// get('$.oerxbatch-52')
// get('$.order_date_time-52')
// get('$.order_entry_number-52')
// get('$.order_pointer-52')
// get('$.outpatient_site-52')
// get('$.parent_prescription-52')
// get('$.patient-52')
// get('$.pdts_prescription_number-52')
// get('$.pharmacy_originated-52')
// get('$.provider-52')
// get('$.qty-52')
// get('$.refill_control-52')
// get('$.refills-52')
// get('$.refills_remaining-52')
// get('$.rx_-52')
// get('$.sig-52')
// get('$.sig_overflow-52')
// get('$.status-52')
// get('$.type')

```